Change into passive. He's playing football. She was playing football.
They will play football. He has played football. We had played football.
I can play football. I want to change all these sentences into passive.
It's not at all rocket science. Just start with the object football,
football, football, football, football, football. And then put the past participle
of the verb at the end. The past of play is played,
played, played, played, played, played. And then look before the verb.
You'll find these words is, was, will,
has, had, can and so on. Just write them down here and
then write be or been or being. Here we
have playing with ing, so being with ing.
And here too, playing, being here play so be
here played so been played here, so been play here
so be. These are the answers. Now you answer
this one. We may play football. Can you change it into passive?
Let me see in the comments.